[DOCS] Align with ILM API docs (#48705)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/slm/getting-started-slm.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="basic"]
[[getting-started-snapshot-lifecycle-management]]
== Configure snapshot lifecycle policies

> Let's get started with snapshot lifecycle management (SLM) by working through a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's get started with {slm} ({slm-init}) by working through a
```

Now that we have a repository in place, we can create a policy to automatically
take snapshots. Policies are written in JSON and will define when to take
snapshots, what the snapshots should be named, and which indices should be

> included, among other things.  We'll use the <<slm-api-put-policy>> API

Reviewer: As-is, `Put policy` is capitalized.
```suggestion
included, among other things.  We'll use the <<slm-api-put-policy,put policy>> API
```
